I don't care about you anymore
I went to work in the ballroom
Ballroom
A fire broke out in Weiyang Ballroom yesterday night
6 people died
27 injured
The cause of the fire is still under investigation
Fire? Wasn't that two days later?
No, sister, you can't go to the ballroom to work in the future
You will leave your job tomorrow and I will support you.
You support me, what do you support me with?
Than what I will support you with
Anyway, I will support you
Well, if I can make 10 million tomorrow
You can quit your job for 10 million
Second sister is here
Didn't you say take me to make money?
This goes to the lottery store
And believe in walking
Boss Brazil vs France tonight
How to buy it?
You are stupid, Brazil is the favorite to win the championship
The strong team of the strong team is, of course, buying Brazil
Buy Brazil to win
Boss, I want to buy the French team to win 3-0
You want to buy France?